{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red63\green110\blue116;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17540\viewh10320\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My username is seriyvolk83\
The fork of the project repository is https://github.com/seriyvolk83/mood-ring\
The Deployment Guide is provided in docs/Deployment Guide\
The sample Salesforce credentials provided in docs/TEST_CREDENTIALS \
The sample video - https://youtu.be/RIObGwFff-M\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Notes:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 - If you will need a verification code for authentication on Salesforce, then please login on gmail.com with common.moodring.user@gmail.com/moodring and check emails from Salesforce.\
- As in initial project there is a problem with
\b  
\b0 running the app on a real device related to the Salesforce static libraries.\
The Salesforce libraries are obtained from the official repository \
https://github.com/forcedotcom/SalesforceMobileSDK-iOS but they are not working in Xcode 7.0+. You can try the provided sample projects in the SalesforceMobileSDK.xcworkspace from the repository. These projects are also cannot be launched due to linker error related to architecture. Hence, 
\b please use iOS simulator to verify the app for this prototype.\

\b0 - The server does not support required fields for User object. The issue is fixed with sample data that is added in 
\f1\fs26 \CocoaLigature0 DemoMoodRingApi
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1  class. See how sample icons are added and 
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 avgAllProjectsRating 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 property is set.\
- If you have rated a ProjectUser you will be not able to rate it again. For verification I have added an option that allows to rate users without the limitation. Change \
\pard\tx626\pardeftab626\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 OPTION_ENABLE_MULTIPLE_RATINGS_FROM_ONE_PERSON 
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 in 
\f1\fs26 \CocoaLigature0 ProjectDetailsViewController.swift 
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 to true to enable.\
- UI is prepared for custom login screen. All UI can be shown if 
\f1\fs26 \CocoaLigature0 OPTION_USE_CUSTOM_LOGIN_SCREEN 
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 option in 
\f1\fs26 \CocoaLigature0 LoginViewController.swift
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1  is on (true). However, as it was discussed in the forum it not yet implemented due to some Salesforce SDK limitations.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
If you will encounter problems with using provided sample credentials you will need to register and generate new Salesforce credentials:\
1. Register on Salesforce website - https://developer.salesforce.com/signup \
2. Create a connected app and select OAuth while creating it.\
Copy and configure API key and callback in the app.\
3. Create new or use you main user to authenticate in the app.\
For more information refer to Salesforce iOS SDK documentation.\
Also you will need to follow the DG from 2nd challenge to setup unmanaged package and add some users, projects, etc. to fill the app screens with data.\
As you see it\'92s better to use provided credentials. If you will have problems with them, for example a verification code will be required, then please ask a question in the forum.\
}